fix deployment instructions and details for the OSS & Central HostPath Mapper (#334)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: vcluster_versioned_docs/version-0.20.0/configure/vcluster-yaml/control-plane/components/host-path-mapper.mdx

If you don't map host paths, logs for vCluster pods are incorrectly resolved by log collectors such as Loki, ELK, and Fluentd.

## vCluster Open Source

### Enabling the HostPath Mapper
Set `enabled: true` in the vCluster config to allow it to use the HostPath Mapper daemonset, which would be created in the next step.

> ```YAML title="vcluster.yaml"

Reviewer: NIT: usually, the language in code fences is lowercase.

```suggestion
```yaml title="vcluster.yaml"
```

Author: updated

controlPlane:
  hostPathMapper:
    enabled: true
```

### Deploy the HostPath Mapper daemonset
Now that the vCluster itself is ready, the HostPath Mapper component can be deployed. The following 2 pieces of information are needed for this:
* The HostPath Mapper has to be deployed in the same namespace as the target vCluster
* The `.Values.VclusterReleaseName` value when deploying this Helm Chart needs to be equal to the name of the target vCluster

For example if your vCluster is named `my-vcluster` and is deployed in namespace `my-namespace` then you should run

> ```YAML title="vcluster.yaml"

Reviewer: This is not yaml, but bash.
Also title does not line up with the command at hand.

Author: Ah. My bad.

## vCluster open source

### Enabling the HostPath Mapper
Set `enabled: true` in the vCluster config to allow it to use the hostpath mapper daemonset, which we will create in the next step.
```
controlPlane:
  hostPathMapper:
    enabled: true
```

### Deploy the Hostpath Mapper Daemonset
Now that the vCluster itself is ready, the hostpath mapper component can be deployed. We need the following 2 pieces of information for this:
* The Hostpath Mapper has to be deployed in the same namespace as the target vCluster
* We need to set the `.Values.VclusterReleaseName` value when deploying this helm chart equal to the name of the target vCluster

> To sum up, if your vCluster is named `my-vcluster` and is deployed in namespace `my-namespace` then you should run

Reviewer 2: Nit: 
```suggestion
For example if your vCluster is named `my-vcluster` and is deployed in namespace `my-namespace` then you should run
```

Author: applied

```

> helm install vcluster-hpm vcluster-hostpath-mapper \

Author: fixed.

- Velero restic backups.
- KubeVirt workloads.

> For details on configuring the vCluster and installing the Central HostPath Mapper, kindly refer the [central-hostpath-mapper](../../../../../platform/administer/monitoring/central-hostpath-mapper/) page under the platform documentation.

Reviewer 2: Nit: 
```suggestion
For details on configuring the vCluster and installing the Central HostPath Mapper, refer to the [central-hostpath-mapper](../../../../../platform/administer/monitoring/central-hostpath-mapper/) page under the platform documentation.
```

Author: applied
